fix: Fix double space bug in frameworks metadata in user-agent header (#3413)
aws/aws-sdk-ruby: gems/aws-sdk-core/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased Changes
------------------

> * Issue - Fix double space bug in frameworks section of user-agent header.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
 * Issue - Fix a double space appearing in the frameworks section of the User-Agent header.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
